<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Jobs Example

This example demonstrates how to retrieve replication job information using the `jobs` operation mode.

```hcl
# Example: Get Replication Jobs
# This example demonstrates how to retrieve replication job status
#

terraform {
  required_version = ">= 1.9"

  required_providers {
    azapi = {
      source  = "azure/azapi"
      version = "~> 2.4"
    }
  }
}

provider "azapi" {}

# Get replication jobs
module "replication_jobs" {
  source = "../../"

  location       = var.location
  name           = "replication-jobs"
  parent_id      = var.parent_id
  instance_type  = var.instance_type
  operation_mode = "jobs"
  project_name   = var.project_name
  # Use explicit vault ID
  replication_vault_id = var.replication_vault_id
  tags                 = var.tags
}

```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

No resources.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the resource group containing the Azure Migrate project. Format: /subscriptions/{subscription-id}/resourceGroups/{resource-group-name}

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_instance_type"></a> [instance\_type](#input\_instance\_type)

Description: The migration instance type (VMwareToAzStackHCI or HyperVToAzStackHCI)

Type: `string`

Default: `"VMwareToAzStackHCI"`

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: Optional: The Azure region where resources will be deployed. If not specified, uses the resource group's location.

Type: `string`

Default: `"westus2"`

### <a name="input_project_name"></a> [project\_name](#input\_project\_name)

Description: The name of the Azure Migrate project

Type: `string`

Default: `"saif-project-012726"`

### <a name="input_replication_vault_id"></a> [replication\_vault\_id](#input\_replication\_vault\_id)

Description: The full resource ID of the replication vault (optional, derived from project if not provided)

Type: `string`

Default: `"/subscriptions/f6f66a94-f184-45da-ac12-ffbfd8a6eb29/resourceGroups/saif-project-012726-rg/providers/Microsoft.DataReplication/replicationVaults/saif-project-01424replicationvault"`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: Tags to apply to resources

Type: `map(string)`

Default:

```json
{
  "Environment": "Test",
  "Purpose": "ReplicationJobs"
}
```

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_replication_job"></a> [replication\_job](#output\_replication\_job)

Description: Details of a specific replication job (when job\_name is provided, otherwise null)

### <a name="output_replication_jobs"></a> [replication\_jobs](#output\_replication\_jobs)

Description: All replication jobs in the vault (when job\_name is null)

### <a name="output_replication_jobs_count"></a> [replication\_jobs\_count](#output\_replication\_jobs\_count)

Description: Total number of replication jobs (when listing all jobs)

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_replication_jobs"></a> [replication\_jobs](#module\_replication\_jobs)

Source: ../../

Version:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft's privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->