<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Migrate Example

This example demonstrates how to perform a planned failover (migration) of a replicated VM to Azure Stack HCI using the `migrate` operation mode.

```hcl
# Example: Migrate (Planned Failover) a Protected VM
# This example demonstrates how to perform a planned failover (migration) of a replicated VM to Azure Stack HCI
#

terraform {
  required_version = ">= 1.9"

  required_providers {
    azapi = {
      source  = "azure/azapi"
      version = "~> 2.4"
    }
  }
}

provider "azapi" {}

# Perform planned failover (migration) of a protected VM
module "migrate_vm" {
  source = "../../"

  location           = var.location
  name               = "vm-migration"
  parent_id          = var.parent_id
  instance_type      = var.instance_type
  operation_mode     = "migrate"
  protected_item_id  = var.protected_item_id
  shutdown_source_vm = var.shutdown_source_vm
  tags               = var.tags
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

No resources.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the resource group containing the Azure Migrate project. Format: /subscriptions/{subscription-id}/resourceGroups/{resource-group-name}

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_instance_type"></a> [instance\_type](#input\_instance\_type)

Description: The migration instance type (VMwareToAzStackHCI or HyperVToAzStackHCI)

Type: `string`

Default: `"VMwareToAzStackHCI"`

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: Optional: The Azure region where resources will be deployed. If not specified, uses the resource group's location.

Type: `string`

Default: `"westus2"`

### <a name="input_protected_item_id"></a> [protected\_item\_id](#input\_protected\_item\_id)

Description: The full resource ID of the protected item (replicated VM) to migrate

Type: `string`

Default: `"/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/my-resource-group/providers/Microsoft.DataReplication/replicationVaults/my-vault/protectedItems/my-vm"`

### <a name="input_shutdown_source_vm"></a> [shutdown\_source\_vm](#input\_shutdown\_source\_vm)

Description: Whether to shutdown the source VM before migration (recommended for production migrations)

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: Tags to apply to all resources

Type: `map(string)`

Default:

```json
{
  "Environment": "Production",
  "ManagedBy": "Terraform",
  "Purpose": "Migration"
}
```

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_migration_job_id"></a> [migration\_job\_id](#output\_migration\_job\_id)

Description: Async operation ID for tracking the migration job status

### <a name="output_migration_operation_details"></a> [migration\_operation\_details](#output\_migration\_operation\_details)

Description: Detailed response from the migration operation including status and properties

### <a name="output_migration_protected_item_details"></a> [migration\_protected\_item\_details](#output\_migration\_protected\_item\_details)

Description: Details of the protected item before migration including state and health

### <a name="output_protected_item_id"></a> [protected\_item\_id](#output\_protected\_item\_id)

Description: ID of the protected item being migrated

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_migrate_vm"></a> [migrate\_vm](#module\_migrate\_vm)

Source: ../../

Version:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft's privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->