<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Discover Example

This example demonstrates how to discover machines in an Azure Migrate project using the `discover` operation mode.

## Prerequisites

Before running this example, you need:

1. An Azure Migrate project with appliances configured
2. Discovery appliances deployed and running
3. Access to the resource group containing the Migrate project

## Configuration

1. Copy the example tfvars file:
   ```bash
   cp terraform.tfvars.example terraform.tfvars
   ```

2. Edit `terraform.tfvars` and update these required values:
   - `subscription_id` - Your Azure subscription ID
   - `resource_group_name` - Resource group containing your Migrate project
   - `project_name` - Your Azure Migrate project name

3. (Optional) Customize additional settings:
   - `location` - Azure region (default: eastus)
   - `instance_type` - VMwareToAzStackHCI or HyperVToAzStackHCI (default: VMwareToAzStackHCI)
   - `tags` - Custom resource tags

## Usage

```bash
terraform init
terraform plan
terraform apply
```

## What This Does

The discover operation:
- Queries the Azure Migrate project for discovered machines
- Retrieves detailed information about each discovered VM
- Returns the list of machines with their properties and assessment data

## Example Configuration

```hcl
terraform {
  required_version = ">= 1.9"

  required_providers {
    azapi = {
      source  = "azure/azapi"
      version = "~> 2.4"
    }
    azurerm = {
      source  = "hashicorp/azurerm"
      version = "~> 4.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "azurerm" {
  features {}
  subscription_id = var.subscription_id
}

provider "azapi" {
  subscription_id = var.subscription_id
}

# Test Discovery
module "discover_vms" {
  source = "../.."

  location            = var.location
  name                = "migrate-discover"
  resource_group_name = var.resource_group_name
  instance_type       = var.instance_type
  operation_mode      = "discover"
  project_name        = var.project_name
  tags                = var.tags
}


```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

## Resources

No resources.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

No required inputs.

## Optional Inputs

No optional inputs.

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_discovered_servers"></a> [discovered\_servers](#output\_discovered\_servers)

Description: Output discovered servers

### <a name="output_discovered_servers_count"></a> [discovered\_servers\_count](#output\_discovered\_servers\_count)

Description: n/a

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_discover_vms"></a> [discover\_vms](#module\_discover\_vms)

Source: ../..

Version:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft's privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
